### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  -  Postgresql is a relational database management System

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  -  Structured Query Language(SQL) is a human readiable language used to 
  -  interact with out database, Postgresql.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  -  \c Databse_Name

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  -  WHERE filtes which rows to include and having is a used to apply logical 
  -  conditions to our query.


- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
  -  Inner Join is used to find overlapping data from both tables 
  -  Outer Join is is used to find over laping data from one table joing 
  -  by the entirety of another.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
  -  left outer return the entire left table and any overlapping data from the right table.
  -  and right outer is the inverse of that.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
    Ajax HTTP request are exposed to the user in the browser and rewuest and hiiden from the user 
    in the browser.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  -  CSRF token is a token generated by our server and included with forms,
  -  It is used to authenticate incoming for to make sure the form is coming from a user
  -  withen is system and not a third party.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  -  It's used to include the CSRF token with a form but the toke is hidden from the user. 
